yo what is going on guys it is Rambo
here bring you daily GTA 5 online
content is that i'm gonna be showing you
guys the best solo money glitch after
the patch 1 put 15 as it's a solar
method and good bye pass the 45-minute
wait after selling your cars so if you
guys do going to enjoy this video please
come support about subscribing to my
trail if you are new right here as to do
put some of the latest and the greatest
you take buy online daily content also
sure drop a like on the video if you do
who enjoyed and hey maybe you liked the
video you'll find a seedling surprise in
your mailbox later on and with that said
let's get into today's glitch so the
first thing i was going to go and do is
pick up a hooker and you can find these
hoes right here on the map by the forums
ok apartments and go ahead and let that
ratchet-ass bitch get into your car as
you guys can see right there i got her
in your car and once she is in your
cards go ahead and drive over to your
apartment and get up and pistol wet
pressing square or X on xbox and then
just press the button to shoot your gun
and just shoot it on the ground and go
about right where I do right here on the
map show in this little area right here
and no you're not going to rape her
you're actually going to be killing her
so right you're parked the car all the
way up against the dumpster should the
door is right there and then go ahead
and leap over the dumpster and you
exactly where I do and go ahead and kill
that hell
she said that like bitch who told you to
sit down you been away from my request I
said go ahead and sit down cut as you
guys can see I just killed that bitch
you know I just peel them roughing back
blue so go ahead and drive straight back
in your garage as US fifty you know
there's only one adder and go ahead make
sure you guys have some allergies
purchase there are free card to keep
that mind and go ahead and move the
adder all the way over to an LG and as
you guys can see it actually duplicates
my adder you guys are welcome to use any
other car by the way this works with
pretty much any other super car and I'm
just going to call let's get the top
cell and you know get the pigs off with
you so as yes tip and once you guys get
the cops have huge go ahead and drive
your car outside and drive right back in
and from there you guys can pretty much
just do the same thing over and over
again keep on replacing the adder over
an elegy until you have a garage or
however many you are satisfied with and
you know I only did about three or
actually I did about five but you guys
welcome to do the whole garage if you
would like and as you guys can see this
pretty much the whole clip of me doing
all my adders so I pretty much have a
fool garage matters and that can keep on
you know farming's over and over a fresh
ova ders I'm tuned to this one more time
just show you guys that's still gonna
duplicate the adder so right there you
know I had pretty much a whole garage
school so go ahead and go to the adder
with a hooker in it and try to get an
Aston receipt and it is gonna actually
disappear that's supposed to happen but
and it's going to be an elk you in place
as you get see you right there just go
ahead and take it it from adder and
drive that bitch down to low santos
customs
and from here you guys can just keep on
selling the car over and over again it's
going to sell for about 700 k which is a
really good price as you guys can see
about seven hundred thousand dollars
it's really good connect own until the
morning and after you go ahead and sell
car please go ahead and you know bring
up the mechanic and keep on doing that
over and over again until you have all
your patterns lined up and its really
simple money glitch and it's really easy
it's probably the best one out for put
15 honestly you know the money goes they
can't get any better than this one right
here I will be having tons more my
channel so if you're new around here go
ahead and subscribe for the top notch
daily GTA 5 online content and that's
pretty much it for the money glitch we
got two good enjoy make sure to comment
like subscribe I'm rainbow I see you
guys next video I'm out peace
you